need to make it so that when an invitation has been used or has expired
a message is sent to the representative that created the invitation, so
the invitationTable can be updated with correct data.
Or the client needs to poll every x time to see if the invitation has been used already
but that sounds not as good.

problems when removing packages. 
After installing i can't remove them because cache-loader complains, and
i don't know how to fix that. So i still got to remove moment.js and vue-pdf (i think it's only these two)

!!! Don't forget to change endpoints/url's used to 
http if http is used by the server and vice versa !!!

todo:
add length restrictions to all input fields,
e.g university input field on the student-profile page

todo:
add validation to student registration form
direct user to login screen after successfully registrating
look into error messages when a user submits an invalid value


How to differentiate between two of the same http response statuses?
if a company is registered, there is a possibility that the company name
and the provided representative email are already in use/taken/registered.
In both cases the http status 409 (conflict) gets send.
There is however no way of finding out if there is a conflict with the company name
or the representative email.

Possible solution: create new functions in the backend that check if the company name exists
and if the email is already taken or not. Then when someone tries to register a company, these functions
get called when the respective input fields are provided with data.

e.g user enteres 'Fluugle' in the company-name inputfield.
When the user leaves the input field (he/she goes to the next one for example)
a call gets made to the backend function companyNameExists().
Based on the response of this method, the front-end displays a succeed message or an error message.
Depending if the company name already exists or not.



todo for student profile:

add a the cv of the student, so he/she can look at it
and decide if he/she wants to upload a new one.

todo: look into changing experience field in the form and displaying it in the studentcard option
todo: look into how to display wishes and experience fields if the user doesn't have em yet
they aren't part of the sign up form so the first time someone comes up to their profile, these fields
are empty. Are they displayed correctly, how are they updated/added to the db. How to differentiate between these
actions.


atm i removed the possibility to chagne your password on your profile page (for students)
this was done because the backend didn't support it anyway
todo: add the possibility to change your password
todo: add extra validation step when updating your profile, when the update button is pressed
the users must provide his/her password again, to validate it's not some random person.